These are the commands you can use when dicebot/dicemaster is active:

.createplayer
 If you don't have an existing player in the database, this will create one with
  random stats. If you have an existing player, it will tell you so and do
  nothing.
 No other function (except admin and debug) will work if you haven't run this
  before.

.stats [player]
 If you don't specify a player, returns your stats: Attack, Defense, Dexterity,
  Strength, Current and Max HP, and whether or not you are in a duel, and who
  with.
 If you do specify a player, returns their stats.

.qstats
 Returns your stats (not duel info) in a condensed, easy to read format.

.qhp [player]
 Returns the Current/Max HP of the player, if specified. If not, returns yours.

.players
 Returns a list of all players in the database.

.reroll
 Rerolls your base HP, Att, Def, Str, and Dex stats, if you have a Reroll to
  spend.

.boost <stat>
 Increases <stat> by one, if you have a Boost to spend.

.trade
 Trades one of your unspent Rerolls for 2 Boosts, if you have any.

.challenge <player>
 Challenges <player> to a duel, and notifies them as such.
 Only works if neither you nor <player> are in a duel, and <player> exists, and
  neither of you have outstanding duel invitations.

.accept
 Accepts an outstanding duel invitation. Only works if you have an outstanding
  duel invitation from another player.

.reject,.decline,.pansyout [message]
 Rejects an outstanding duel invitation. Only works if you have an outstanding
  duel invitation from another player.
 If you specify a message, dicebot will relay that to the challenger.

.retract,.maybenot
 Removes a duel invitation that you issued. Only works if you have an
  outstanding duel invitation that you issued, and if it hasn't been accepted
  yet.

.attack,.attack!
 Attack the opposing player! Depending on the stage, either:
  1 - rolls your attack stat to see your chance to hit the opponent (leads to
      stage 2 if more than 0, otherwise leads to stage 1 for opponent's attack)
  3 - rolls the difference between your attack roll in stage 1 and the
      opponent's defense roll in stage 2 to determine damage (leads to stage 1,
      for opponent's attack, unless they are stunned, in which case it is your
      attack again)
  4 - rolls a number of dice determined in stage 3 if you parried. (leads to
      stage 1, for your attack)
 Does not work if it is not both one of the above stages and your turn, and you
  are in a duel.

.defend
 Defend against the opposing player! Only works if you are in stage 2 of an
  active duel, but a number of things can happen during this stage:
  > if the attacker's strength roll (determined during stage 1) is twice or more
    the defender's defense, the defender is marked as stunned. If the attacker
    has a lower attack roll than the defender's defense roll, then it goes back
    to stage 1, maintaining roles.
  > if the average of the defender's dexterity roll (determined during this
    stage) and defense roll are double or more the attacker's attack roll, the
    attack is parried, meaning no damage for the attacker regardless of dice,
    and it moves onto stage 4 with the defender having the opportunity to
    attack, with the dice being equal to the difference.
  > if both of the above conditions are true, then whichever total is greater
    (att + str vs def + dex) triggers the respective effect. if both totals are
    equal, neither effect happens.

.forfeit
 Does what it says on the box. Doesn't work if you're not in a duel.

.equipped
 Shows what you have equipped. If nothing, indicates as much.

.inventory
 Shows what's in your inventory, i.e. items you have but are not
  wearing/wielding. Shows the name of the item and the unique ID associated with
  it.

.equip <ID> ('main'|'off')
 Equips item number <ID> from your inventory, if the slot it would go into isn't
  occupied. If the item is a one-handed weapon (that is, can be wielded in either
  hand), you need to specify which hand it goes in: either main, or off. The item
  needs to be in your inventory for this to work.

.unequip <slot>
 Unequips the item worn/wielded in <slot>. Options are head, shoulders, hands,
  legs, feet, and back for armour; and main and off for weapons. If a two-handed
  weapon is being unequipped, picking either main or off will remove it from both
  slots.

.debug <'commit'|command>
 Executes a database query. Will not work if the player's name isn't in the
  DEBUGGERS list. Choosing commit will commit any executed queries to the
  database, otherwise everything after .debug will be interpreted as a query and
  sent to the MySQL server (without committing any changes made). Note that you
  cannot obtain any information this way, you can only change it.

.admin <command> (options)
 Runs an admin command. Will not work unless the user's name is in the ADMINS
  list. Options for this are the list and give commands, so far. When using list,
  you can choose either duels, which will list all duel historical data, and
  items, which will list all item definitions. When using give, you specify the
  user, and the name of the item you want to grant them. If both the user and the
  item exist, it will be created and moved to the player's inventory.
